c:\users\закарьянова\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CreditBank\CreditBank\bin\Debug\CreditBank.exe.config
c:\users\закарьянова\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CreditBank\CreditBank\bin\Debug\CreditBank.exe
c:\users\закарьянова\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CreditBank\CreditBank\bin\Debug\CreditBank.pdb
c:\users\закарьянова\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CreditBank\CreditBank\obj\Debug\CreditBank.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\закарьянова\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CreditBank\CreditBank\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\закарьянова\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CreditBank\CreditBank\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\закарьянова\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CreditBank\CreditBank\obj\Debug\CreditBank_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\закарьянова\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CreditBank\CreditBank\obj\Debug\CreditBank_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\закарьянова\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CreditBank\CreditBank\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\закарьянова\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CreditBank\CreditBank\obj\Debug\CreditBank.g.resources
c:\users\закарьянова\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CreditBank\CreditBank\obj\Debug\CreditBank.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\закарьянова\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CreditBank\CreditBank\obj\Debug\CreditBank.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\закарьянова\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CreditBank\CreditBank\obj\Debug\CreditBank.exe
c:\users\закарьянова\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CreditBank\CreditBank\obj\Debug\CreditBank.pdb
c:\users\закарьянова\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CreditBank\CreditBank\obj\Debug\AuthorizationPage.g.cs
c:\users\закарьянова\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CreditBank\CreditBank\obj\Debug\RegistrationPage.g.cs
c:\users\закарьянова\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CreditBank\CreditBank\obj\Debug\UserPage.g.cs
c:\users\закарьянова\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CreditBank\CreditBank\obj\Debug\AuthorizationPage.baml
c:\users\закарьянова\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CreditBank\CreditBank\obj\Debug\DarkTemp.baml
c:\users\закарьянова\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CreditBank\CreditBank\obj\Debug\RegistrationPage.baml
c:\users\закарьянова\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CreditBank\CreditBank\obj\Debug\UserPage.baml
c:\users\закарьянова\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CreditBank\CreditBank\obj\Debug\RedTemp.baml
c:\users\закарьянова\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CreditBank\CreditBank\obj\Debug\BlueTemp.baml
c:\users\закарьянова\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CreditBank\CreditBank\obj\Debug\GreenTemp.baml
c:\users\закарьянова\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CreditBank\CreditBank\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\закарьянова\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CreditBank\CreditBank\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
